h1. Configuration

In the package, you need to edit some configuration in _web/config.php_:

<pre>
<code>
/**
 * The administrator's email address.  You may leave this empty if you
 * wish.  If empty, the "Contact (email address)" message will not
 * appear on every page footer.
 */
define('SITE_ADMIN_EMAIL', "admin@example.com");
</code>
</pre>

<pre>
<code>
/**
 * Set these values for administrative access.  This account will be
 * able to create and remove accounts from the auth backend.  This
 * username will not be permitted to use an OpenID.  The password MUST
 * be an MD5 hexadecimal hash of the password you want to use.
 * Example:
 *
 * define('ADMIN_PASSWORD_MD5', '21232f297a57a5a743894a0e4a801fc3');
 *
 */
define('ADMIN_USERNAME', 'admin');
define('ADMIN_PASSWORD_MD5', '');
</code>
</pre>

"Visit this page to transform your password in md5 hash":http://www.zappersoftware.com/Help/md5.php

<pre>
<code>
/**
 * Storage backend to use.  Currently the only choice is "MYSQL".  See
 * storage.php for storage backend implementations.  Parameters for
 * connecting to the storage backend.  See storage.php if you want to
 * create your own backend.
 */

define('STORAGE_BACKEND', 'MYSQL');
global $storage_parameters;

$storage_parameters = array('username' => 'openid',
                            'password' => '',
                            'database' => 'php_openid_server',
                            'hostspec' => 'localhost');
</code>
</pre>

There are more options you can change in _config.php_, feel free to experiment :)

h1. Link to http server

You need to tell to your server to access OpenID server in the ?web? directory.
Here is how it works on my webhost:

@ln -sf ~/openid/web/ ~/public_html/openid/@

You can now access your open-id server at: http://open-id.yourserver.com
